Update fonts.rst (#21196)
matplotlib/matplotlib: doc/users/fonts.rst

  These core fonts are limited to PDF and PS backends only; they can not be
  rendered in other backends.

>   Another downside to this is that while the font metric is standardized,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Another downside to this is that while the font metrics are standardized,
```

Agree there is a typo, but Ithink metric should be made plural rather than the verb being made singular?.

Author: @tacaswell, I agree with you.
